README.md, before:

EU4-Omega-Mod
=============

A mod for Europa Universalis IV that turns a random AI country into a ridiculously overpowered endboss. 

Currently in beta (v0.71). Most basic functionality has been implemented, but there's a lot of room for further improvements. Version 0.71 is primarily a 1.11 compliance patch; it also adds some localization text (mostly Omegan leader/unit names) and adjusts Omegan drone rebels.

A list of the most important planned changes follows:

- For players on the hardest difficulty - an "Omegan Insurrection" disaster that swamps your country with special rebels that will spread Omegan culture and cores to your lands. The Drone rebels introduced in 0.7 are only the beginning of this.
- Disable native mechanics for an Omega spawned from Native Americans
- Graphical enhancements, including a better flag, a tech group icon, and maybe new models/skins if we're really lucky
- Make more functions more modular so you can add an Omega to other mods like Extended Timeline 
- Possibly some more flavor events for humans dealing with the Omega to increase the depth of interactions with them?

Commit message:

1.12 compatibility update
Not sure why the interface file was in there, but it was making the game
explode. Anyways, welcome to 0.72!

README.md, after:

EU4-Omega-Mod
=============

A mod for Europa Universalis IV that turns a random AI country into a ridiculously overpowered endboss. 

Currently in beta (v0.71). Most basic functionality has been implemented, but there's a lot of room for further improvement.Version 0.72 adds a menu logo, some minor bugfixes and balance changes, and adds nominal 1.12/Common Sense compatibility.

A list of the most important planned changes follows:

- For players on the hardest difficulty - an "Omegan Insurrection" disaster that swamps your country with special rebels that will spread Omegan culture and cores to your lands. The Drone rebels introduced in 0.7 are only the beginning of this.
- Disable native mechanics for an Omega spawned from Native Americans
- Graphical enhancements, including a better flag, a tech group icon, and maybe new models/skins if we're really lucky
- Make more functions more modular so you can add an Omega to other mods like Extended Timeline 
- Possibly some more flavor events for humans dealing with the Omega to increase the depth of interactions with them?
